15PUZZLE
Move all the items and put them in increasing order, starting at the upper-left
corner. Move the item you want by pressing the associated key (e.g. to move
item 3, press 3).

AIRPLANE
Drop packets from your airplane (key 8) so they hit the ground without
colliding with other planes.

BLINKY
Pacman clone. Eat all the balls in the maze. Avoid the enemies. 3/6/7/8 to move
u/d/l/r, and F to restart.

BLITZ
Bomber clone. You are in a plane and must destroy the towers of a town. Your
plane flies from left to right, and is descending. Key 5 drops bombs. The game
ends if you crash into a tower.

BREAKOUT
Same as BRIX, but with Atari 2600 style graphics. 4/6 to move l/r.

BRIX
Arkanoid clone. You have 5 lives, and your goal is the destruction of all the
brix. 4/6 to move l/r.

CAVE
Move through the cave without hitting the walls. 3/6/7/8 to move u/d/l/r, and F
to restart.

CONNECT4
This game is for two players. The goal is to align 4 coins in the game area.
Each player's coins are colored. When you drop a coin it is placed on top of
any coins in that column. Once a column is full, you cannot place any more
coins in it. 4/6 to select a column, 5 to drop a coin. There is no winner
detection.

FIGURES
Tetris with numbers. 4/6 to move l/r.

FILTER
Catch everything that falls. 4/6 to move l/r.

GUESS
Think of a number between 1 and 63. Several boards will be shown - press 5 if
your number is on the current board, any other key if not. You will eventually
be presented with the number you picked.

HIDDEN
Memory matching game. 2/8/4/6 to move u/d/l/r, 5 to pick.

INVADERS
Space Invaders clone. 4/6 to move, 5 to shoot. Press 5 to begin a game.

KALEID
Kaleidoscope demo. 2/8/4/6 to move u/d/l/r, 0 to repeat.

LANDING
Try to flatten the field for landing. Press 8 to drop a bomb.

MAZE
Maze demo. Draws random mazes.

MERLIN
Simon clone. Remember the order in which the squares are lit, then copy the
sequence using keys 4/5/7/8 for top-left/top-right/bottom-left/bottom-right.

MISSILE
Shoot the targets. You have 12 missiles in total, and move a little faster
after each shot. Press 8 to shoot.

PADDLES
Press F to start 1 player game, or E to start a 2 player game. 4/6 and 7/9
to move each paddle l/r.

PONG
2 player pong. 1/4 and C/D to move each paddle u/d.

PONG1P
1 player pong. 1/4 to move u/d.

PONG2
2 player pong. 1/4 and C/D to move each paddle u/d.

PUZZLE
A version of PUZZLE15 with improved controls. 8/2/4/6 to move tiles u/d/l/r.

ROCKET
Avoid crashing into the tunnel walls. 4/6 to move l/r, press B to start.

SOCCER
2 player pong-like game. 1/4 and C/D to move each pair of paddles u/d.

SPACEF
Fly through the screen 4 times to win the level. 1/4 to move u/d, E/F to start.
	  
SQUASH
Same as WALL, but 5 lives and game over when lost. 1/4 to move u/d.

SYZYGY
Snake clone. 3/6/7/8 to move u/d/l/r. F/E to start with/without borders.

TANK
Your goal is to hit the enemy while avoiding collisions. You start out with 25
shells and the game ends when you have none left. You lose 5 shells if you
collide with the enemy. 2/8/4/6 to move u/d/l/r, 5 to shoot.

TAPEWORM
Snake clone. 2/8/4/6 to move u/d/l/r. F to start.

TETRIS
Tetris clone. 5/6 to move l/r, 4 to rotate, 7 to drop.

TICTAC
2 player tic-tac-toe game. Keys 1-9 correspond to a square in the grid. The
game never ends, so at any time the winner is the one who has the best score.

TRON
2 player tron clone. Press B/F to play with/without borders. 0 starts a round.
P1: 1/4/3/C to move u/d/l/r. P2: 7/A/9/E to move u/d/l/r.

UFO
Shoot the UFOs. The bigger one moves at a constant speed and is worth 5 points.
The smaller one moves at varying speeds and is worth 15 points. Press 4/5/6 to
shoot left/up/right. The game ends when you've shot all 15 of your missiles.

VBRIX
Similar to BRIX, but with vertical bricks. 1/4 to move u/d, 7 to start.

VERS
2 player tron clone. P1: 7/A/1/2 to move u/d/l/r. P1: C/D/B/F to move u/d/l/r.

WALL
Catch the ball - aim for a high streak. 1/4 to move u/d.

WIPEOFF
Similar to BRIX but with tiny bricks. 4/6 to move l/r.

X-MIRROR
Draw symmetric patterns. 2/8/4/6 to move u/d/l/r.
